README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.js`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.

Commit message:

chore: update dependencies and add Tailwind CSS configuration
- Added Tailwind CSS and PostCSS dependencies to package.json
- Updated PostCSS configuration to include Tailwind CSS plugin

README.md, after:

## 🧲 **Project Name:** MagnoBoard

### 🧠 **Inspiration**

Remember those old magnetic drawing boards where you’d drag a stylus and the tiny beads would rise to form lines?

MagnoBoard brings that nostalgic feeling to life, but digitally.

The theme of this year’s hackathon is childhood imagination, and I wanted to build something that captures the  *joy of creating without limits* .

No logins, no complexity, just a digital toy that lets anyone doodle freely, like we did as kids.

---

### 💡 **What it Does**

MagnoBoard is an online playground where users can:

* Draw with a digital “magnetic pen.”
* Shake or clear the board with a button animation (like flipping the toy upside down).
* (Optional) Save or share their creations.
* (Optional) Get random *drawing prompts* powered by AI, like “Draw your favorite toy” or “What did you want to be when you grew up?”

It’s simple, creative, and relaxing, the kind of app that makes your inner child proud.

---

### ⚙️ AI & Internet Usage Disclosure

**AI & External Resources**

During development, I used documentation (Next.js, TailwindCSS) and community resources (Stack Overflow, MDN).

I also used AI tools (ChatGPT and GitHub Copilot) for debugging help, UI suggestions, and boilerplate generation.

All design decisions, core logic, and final implementation were done and verified by me.
